---
layout: post
title:  "The E-myth"
permalink: the-e-myth/
---
### What is the E myth?

The Entrepreneurial Myth a concept publicised by Michael E. Gerber in 1995
claimed that any entrepreneur who was starting their own business was doomed.
As time continues when one person must juggle all aspects of the business they
can no longer focus "on" the business because they are "in" the business. A
business should be thought of as a series of systems.

Therefore if you can understand the technical work of the business doesn't
mean that you understand a business that does the technical work. You need to
act as though the business is going to be replicated so that it can operate
without you and this will force you to document each process in the system
carefully. 

### TutorCruncher

TutorCruncher solves this problem by giving you
more time to work on your business rather than in your business. This means
dealing with clients and managing positive relationships rather than invoicing
and scheduling. The time saving aspect of TutorCruncher means that someone who
is passionate about their tutoring business doesn't need to spend time doing
countless admin tasks that the system can do automatically for you. Gerber
argues that it is the systems that are important, and the company needs to be
focussed on its consumers is essential. The entrepreneur is someone who can
understand why their clients are of utmost interest to their business, not
just what makes themselves unique and important but looking outwards. Read
Michael E. Gerber's best-selling business book [The E-Myth: Why Most Businesses Don’t Work and What to Do About It](http://www.amazon.com/The-E-Myth-Revisited-Small-Businesses/dp/0887307280/ref=tmm_pap_title_0) .
